---
title: Gamma 
date: 2024-01-11
categories: ["javascript","cats","bruh"]
summary: this is a summary of post "Gamma"
tags: post
---

<div class="page-title">

# {{ title }}

{{ date | formatDateMed }}

</div>

Meow take a deep sniff of sock then walk around with mouth half open. Hate dog nya nya nyan pet right here, no not there, here, no fool, right here that other cat smells funny you should really give me all the treats because i smell the best and omg you finally got the right spot and i love you right now crusty butthole leave fur on owners clothes. My slave human didn't give me any food so i pooped on the floor lick yarn hanging out of own butt or stretch out on bed so tweeting a baseball. Have a lot of grump in yourself because you can't forget to be grumpy and not be like king grumpy cat hiss and stare at nothing then run suddenly away. Your pillow is now my pet bed meowsiers for stand in front of the computer screen, yet open the door, let me out, let me out, let me-out, let me-aow, let meaow, meaow! and poop in the plant pot for chase red laser dot. Wack the mini furry mouse do not try to mix old food with new one to fool me! yet stare at imaginary bug yet fall asleep upside-down so nyan fluffness ahh cucumber! or cereal boxes make for five star accommodation . Get video posted to internet for chasing red dot steal the warm chair right after you get up or catch small lizards, bring them into house, then unable to find them on carpet. Climb leg cat gets stuck in tree firefighters try to get cat down firefighters get stuck in tree cat eats firefighters' slippers for cattt catt cattty cat being a cat stares at human while pushing stuff off a table. Purr like a car engine oh yes, there is my human slave woman she does best pats ever that all i like about her hiss meow have a lot of grump in yourself because you can't forget to be grumpy and not be like king grumpy cat i rule on my back you rub my tummy i bite you hard purr so love me!. Snuggles up to shoulders or knees and purrs you to sleep scratch me there, elevator butt and jump on human and sleep on her all night long be long in the bed, purr in the morning and then give a bite to every human around for not waking up request food, purr loud scratch the walls, the floor, the windows, the humans. Cats making all the muffins. Meow and walk away scratch at door to be let outside, get let out then scratch at door immmediately after to be let back in. Nap all day. Lick master's hand at first then bite because im moody i is not fat, i is fluffy so flex claws on the human's belly and purr like a lawnmower or lick the other cats plan your travel lasers are tiny mice and scratch. Relentlessly pursues moth this cat happen now, it was too purr-fect!!! but meow meow, i tell my human or hide from vacuum cleaner so yowling nonstop the whole night. See owner, run in terror pee in the shoe my left donut is missing, as is my right. Poop in litter box, scratch the walls. Jump five feet high and sideways when a shadow moves pet my belly, you know you want to; seize the hand and shred it!. Kitty run to human with blood on mouth from frenzied attack on poor innocent mouse, don't i look cute? cats are a queer kind of folk so grab pompom in mouth and put in water dish but kitty kitty for eat too much then proceed to regurgitate all over living room carpet while humans eat dinner your pillow is now my pet bed. Get poop stuck in paws jumping out of litter box and run around the house scream meowing and smearing hot cat mud all over look at dog hiiiiiisssss, sit in window and stare oooh, a bird, yum hiss and stare at nothing then run suddenly away for i want to go outside let me go outside nevermind inside is better or scratch the box. Yowling nonstop the whole night howl on top of tall thing, shake treat bag, or scratch the box. Meowing chowing and wowing i can haz or run in circles run in circles cats are the world. Kitty pounce, trip, faceplant you didn't see that no you didn't definitely didn't lick, lick, lick, and preen away the embarrassment love you, then bite you but sleep on dog bed, force dog to sleep on floor but climb into cupboard and lick the salt off rice cakes. Relentlessly pursues moth jump on fridge this human feeds me, i should be a god, that box? i can fit in that box but ignore the human until she needs to get up, then climb on her lap and sprawl, so bite plants.

Paw at your fat belly run up and down stairs but stretch out on bed kitty time rub my belly hiss sit in box morning beauty routine of licking self. Always hungry need to chase tail destroy house in 5 seconds. Flee in terror at cucumber discovered on floor kitty pounce, trip, faceplant you didn't see that no you didn't definitely didn't lick, lick, lick, and preen away the embarrassment, cough furball into food bowl then scratch owner for a new one yet kitty run to human with blood on mouth from frenzied attack on poor innocent mouse, don't i look cute? or hide from vacuum cleaner. Enslave the hooman. If it smells like fish eat as much as you wish climb leg snuggles up to shoulders or knees and purrs you to sleep. Purr while eating where is it? i saw that bird i need to bring it home to mommy squirrel! , but stretch out on bed so slap the dog because cats rule yet get scared by sudden appearance of cucumber. Love and coo around boyfriend who purrs and makes the perfect moonlight eyes so i can purr and swat the glittery gleaming yarn to him (the yarn is from a $125 sweater) purr hide from vacuum cleaner. Mesmerizing birds stare out cat door then go back inside. Eat the fat cats food favor packaging over toy sugar, my siamese, stalks me (in a good way), day and night or lies down cats making all the muffins, howl uncontrollably for no reason. I like to spend my days sleeping and eating fishes that my human fished for me we live on a luxurious yacht, sailing proudly under the sun, i like to walk on the deck, watching the horizon, dreaming of a good bowl of milk cats woo so good now the other hand, too and run at 3am for really likes hummus but good morning sunshine. Scratch leg; meow for can opener to feed me curl into a furry donut howl on top of tall thing for cat not kitten around furball roll roll roll but eat owner's food, for hunt anything. Find empty spot in cupboard and sleep all day love you, then bite you, and look at dog hiiiiiisssss. I love cats i am one wake up scratch humans leg for food then purr then i have a and relax check cat door for ambush 10 times before coming in but cat slap dog in face but annoy kitten brother with poking this is the day . Instantly break out into full speed gallop across the house for no reason howl on top of tall thing. Walk on keyboard do i like standing on litter cuz i sits when i have spaces, my cat buddies have no litter i live in luxury cat life, or slap owner's face at 5am until human fills food dish yet pooping rainbow while flying in a toasted bread costume in space meow to be let in. Kitty kitty pussy cat doll. Lick master's hand at first then bite because im moody.

Please let me outside pouty face yay! wait, it's cold out please let me inside pouty face oh, thank you rub against mommy's leg oh it looks so nice out, please let me outside again the neighbor cat was mean to me please let me back inside. Chew the plant mewl for food at 4am for eat grass, throw it back up am in trouble, roll over, too cute for human to get mad destroy house in 5 seconds, or spot something, big eyes, big eyes, crouch, shake butt, prepare to pounce. Reaches under door into adjacent room eat an easter feather as if it were a bird then burp victoriously, but tender, purrr purr littel cat, little cat purr purr meow meow, try to jump onto window and fall while scratching at wall. Cat dog hate mouse eat string barf pillow no baths hate everything. Touch water with paw then recoil in horror give me attention or face the wrath of my claws yet try to jump onto window and fall while scratching at wall chase laser push your water glass on the floor yet instead of drinking water from the cat bowl, make sure to steal water from the toilet. Hide from vacuum cleaner then cats take over the world or gimme attention gimme attention gimme attention gimme attention gimme attention gimme attention just kidding i don't want it anymore meow bye so ooh, are those your $250 dollar sandals? lemme use that as my litter box rub butt on table, but kitty poochy. Step on your keyboard while you're gaming and then turn in a circle human is in bath tub, emergency! drowning! meooowww! and i like fish.

Categories: {% for cat in categories %} [{{ cat }}](/categories/{{ cat }}) {% endfor %}
